Use Hydra in persistence mode by default: documentation (#7204)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/security/03-06-oauth2-server.md

To interact with the Kyma OAuth2 server, you must register an OAuth2 client. To register a client, create an instance of the OAuth2Client custom resource (CR) which triggers the Hydra Maester controller to send a client registration request to the OAuth2 server.

> >**CAUTION:** If you are running Kyma on a Minikube cluster, Hydra stores client data in an in-memory database. This configuration is prone to data loss and may cause erratic behavior of the Oauth2 server. By default, Hydra Maester reconciles the database every 10 hours, but you can resolve any discrepancies manually by deleting the Hydra Maester Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** If you run Kyma on a Minikube cluster, Hydra stores client data in an in-memory database. This configuration is prone to data loss and may cause erratic behavior of the Oauth2 server. By default, Hydra Maester reconciles the database every 10 hours, but you can resolve any discrepancies manually by deleting the Hydra Maester Pod.
```
